Added fastai autolog examle for FR-3126 (#3158)
mlflow/mlflow: examples/fastai/READMD.md

### MLflow Fastai Example

> This simple example illustrates how you can use `mlflow.fastai.autolog()` API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This simple example illustrates how you can use the `mlflow.fastai.autolog()` API
```

Author: Done!
Ah. the file should be called README.md (not READMD.md) :-)

> to track parameters, metrics, and artifacts while training a simple MNIST model. Derived from fastai GitHub Repository 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to track parameters, metrics, and artifacts while training a simple MNIST model. Derived from fastai's GitHub Repository 
```

Author: Done!

> of [vision examples](https://github.com/fastai/fastai/blob/master/examples/train_mnist.py), the code is modified to run 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of [vision examples](https://github.com/fastai/fastai/blob/master/examples/train_mnist.py), this code is modified to run 
```

Author: done!

as a MLflow project, with either default or supplied arguments. The default arguments are learning rate(`lr=0.01`) 
and number of epochs (`epochs=5`).

You can use this example as a template and attempt advanced examples in

> [Fastai tutorials](https://docs.fast.ai/vision.html), using `mlfow.fastai` model flavor and MLflow tracking API to

Reviewer: Question, do we only support vision for now? Any reason not to point to all application by in fastai. https://docs.fast.ai/applications.html

Author: I believe it's the whole library not just the vision modules

> [Fastai tutorials](https://docs.fast.ai/vision.html), using `mlfow.fastai` model flavor and MLflow tracking API to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Fastai tutorials](https://docs.fast.ai/vision.html), using the `mlfow.fastai` model flavor and MLflow tracking API to
```

Author: done!

track your experiments.

> #### How to run the code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How to run this code
```

Reviewer: Or just `How to run` might suffice.

Author: Isn't this obvious what code we running?

You can run the `fastai` example with default or supplied arguments in three ways:

1. Run from the current git directory with Python. 

> **Note**:  This assumes that you have all the dependencies for `fastai` library installed in your enviroment. 

Reviewer: Can you put the note immediately after the `How to run the code` section.
```suggestion
**Note**:  This example assumes that you have all the dependencies for `fastai` library installed in your development environment. 
```

Author: Done! Need a Grammarly to spell check and dictate missing articles in MarkDown files... :-)

 `python train.py`
 
 `python train.py --lr=0.02 --epochs=3`

> 2. Run from the current git directory as a MLflow Project

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Run from the current git directory as an MLflow Project
```
nit

 `mlflow run . -e main`
 
 `mlflow run . -e main -P lr=0.02 -P epochs=3`
 
3. Run from outside git repository as a MLflow Project

 `mlflow run https://github.com/mlflow/\#examples/fastai`
 
 `mlflow run https://github.com/mlflow/\#examples/fastai -P lr=0.02 -P epochs=3`

### MLflow UI

> All runs will create a `mlruns` directory at the same directory level where you execute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running this code will create a `mlruns` directory at the same directory level where you execute
```

Author: Perhaps using a gerund is better.I was referring to the plural all the different runs. But this run may be more specific to a particular run. "All these runs" ... maybe better.

Reviewer: That makes sense.

> these commands. To launch an MLflow UI to inspect the parameters, metrics, and artifacts automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
these commands. To inspect the parameters, metrics, and artifacts automatically
```

Author: I like this infinitive phrase better done!

> logged by the `mflow.fastai.autolog()`, launch the MLflow UI: `mlflow ui`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
logged by the `mflow.fastai.autolog()` API, launch the MLflow UI using: `mlflow ui`.
```

Author: done!

> In your brower, connect to `localhost:5000 or 127.0.0.1:5000`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your browser, connect to `localhost:5000 or 127.0.0.1:5000`.
```

Author: nice catch! done
